(Episode 31)
Prosecutor Jung.
What is it, Mr. Choi?
I think we should request a travel ban for Lawyer Lee.
A travel ban?
I got here with Lawyer Lee's car.
Get in, Mr. Choi.
I saw luggage in his backseat.
After this trial,
he might run away to some foreign country.
Doesn't it take a few days to get an approval on the ban?
We can get it approved today if it's an urgent request.
Just a moment.
We have to get a travel ban for Lawyer Lee.
I swear...
according to my conscience, I will only tell the truth without lies.
If any lies are found...
I swear to get punished for perjury.
Well, prosecutors please start on your interrogation.
Yes, Your Honor.
Witness, you were the first one to arrive at the rooftop of...
Hae Kwang Law Firm on the night of the incident, right?
Yes, that is correct.
Could you describe the moment you had just arrived?
Yes.
When I got there,
The defendant, Yu Beom, was crying and stumbling while carrying Hong Joo.
I saw two umbrellas wide open from a distant view.
Were there any others on the roof?
No, nobody was there.
The following photographs are evidence 1 and 2.
The umbrella handles in the photos had the fingerprints of both...
The fact that she brought these two umbrellas to the roof,
it shows her intent to return later with the defendant, Lee Yu Beom.
she wanted to come back with Lee Yu Beom later on.
This means Lee Yu Beom murdered Ha Ju Won who had no intent to kill.
This also contradicts to his claim on self-defense.
Please insist...
that the umbrella was found on the first floor, not the rooftop.
State that the umbrella may not be the same one the witness saw.
The witness with us here today...
is a policeman who reached the scene first and see the situation.
The umbrella he saw on the rooftop and the one from the first floor...
could be identified as the same by the witness.
Witness, tell us about the umbrella.
One was very long.
The other was short and foldable.
What were the colors?
How will you testify if you don't run away?
Are you going to hide that you are color-blind?
If they find out that you're lying,
you'll get punished for perjury.
I won't perjure myself.
Are you going to tell them that you're color-blind?
Then you have to quit your job as a policeman.
Witness, why can't you tell us about the colors of the umbrellas?
(Witness stand)
Witness.
What were the colors of the umbrellas?
I...
cannot differentiate color well.
A policeman who is color-blind?
What is this all about?
Woo Tak, what are you doing?
This is going to get you in trouble.
How can he be a policeman when he is color-blind?
Game over.
Witness. You're...
Yes, I am a policeman.
Being color-blind means I'm not eligible for my job.
As soon as my witness testimonial is over,
I will submit the letter of resignation.
What is going on?
Woo Tak...
What is the witness saying?
Quitting your job to testify for this?
- How can a policeman do this? - Resignation?
- This is unbelievable. - Why now?
Keep going with your interrogation, Prosecutor Jung.
Witness, can you describe the umbrellas you saw that night?
Your Honor, even a regular person wouldn’t be able to remember...
the umbrellas he saw at night within few seconds.
Moreover, the witness can't differentiate colors.
It's not that I can't see it. I see it differently.
Instead of identifying colors differently from regular people,
I can identify light and shades better than regular people.
So my ability to see at night is much better than normal people.
Your Honor, we should hear the witness with his full testimonials.
It's never too late to judge then.
Yes, please go ahead.
Witness, what kind of umbrella did you see that night?
The long umbrella I saw that night...
had a wooden handle.
It was bent like a cane.
The foldable umbrella had a whole cylinder type of handle.
It had two circles on the handle.
The long umbrella...
was the same color as the defendant's necktie color.
The foldable umbrella...
was similar to the color of the front of your robe.
Except it was brighter
- Oh, he's right. - What he's saying is right.
He saw it correctly.
Are the umbrellas in the photos the same ones you saw that night?
Yes, they are the same ones.
(Episode 31: Goodbye, My Friend)
We'll end the interrogation on the witness here.
We will come back on July 25, at 11am for the final trial.
Goodness, is Lieutenant Han okay?
I think he just lost his job due to his testimony.
Let's not be awkward.
I'm okay. Let's continue our friendship.
As you know well,
it would be better for you to collect some proof and reasons...
to state that you didn't do it on purpose.
On purpose?
Aren't you going to claim that I am innocent?
I don't think we need to continue pleading self-defense.
Isn't it better to reduce the sentence by a few years?
Lawyer Seo will be joining for your next trial instead of me.
Sir. Sir!
Goodness! You crazy...
I said you should keep your mouth shut.
You should have said you haven't seen anything that night!
You little brat. You can't take back what you said in the court.
I know, sir.
Your parents worked so hard breeding pigs and cows...
to send you to a police academy! The only son in three generations!
I'm not the only son in three generations, sir.
- What? - My parents...
don't live in the countryside either.
They got divorced a long time ago and re-married different people.
Even if I quit my job now, they will be like "Did you quit?"
That will be all.
Woo Tak.
Never in my life...
did this badge...
belong to me.
It was always heavy.
It was tough.
But...
I wanted to bear the weight.
I enjoyed it.
Working with you...
was a pleasant memory for me.
I've had enough.
I don't think I should ask for more.
Thank you so much, sir.
You little jerk.
You must have struggled a lot.
Goodness.
It will be okay.
It is okay.
It isn't over yet.
(Passport, Boarding pass)
Yes, right. Lee Yu Beom.
There was a report that he might run away abroad today.
Yes, please set a travel ban immediately.
Just a second.
(Lee Yu Beom's travel ban has been approved.)
My darling is perfect in everything.
Are you dating someone?
This is the best time.
Mr. Choi.
We got approval on Lee Yu Beom's travel ban.
Oh, really? What a relief.
Thank you for today.
You'll be here for the next trial, right?
Next trial is the final one, right?
Who is demanding the charge?
Why? You won't come if I do it...
and come if Jae Chan does it? Is it like that?
Yes, it's like that.
Yes, please come. You must come.
Prosecutor Jung will do it.
I will not miss the final one.
Mr. Choi, you're disappointing me.
Well done today, Prosecutor Jung.
Your words today were impressive.
Responsibility and relations on an investigation...
is a prosecutor's?
When I investigated the IV drip serial murder case.
I never wanted a reward for it. You know it well, Mr. Choi.
I believed that Myung Yi Suk was the true criminal.
I wanted to get him no matter what.
That is all.
Yes, I know.
Then why are you doing this to me?
Why would you?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why is everyone so cruelly...
November 20, 1983.
That's your birthday, Lawyer Lee. Right?
Yes.
It's a day that my parents don't even remember,
but you celebrated with me every year.
But did you celebrate with me just to backstab me like this?
It's the same day as my younger brother's.
Your age and your birthday.
So you were special to me.
That is why I'm doing this.
There has been a travel ban set against you.
There is no need for you to go to the airport now.
Did you...
So stop running away.
Not anymore.
You'll only end up getting hurt...
and suffering.
So...
Stop being so stubborn.
Stop hurting others.
Come with me, Guk Hyun.
I will go see Mr. Choi.
Now?
This...
I'm sorry, I'll be right back.
- I mean... - I will be quick.
Jae Chan! Stop!
You'll only end up getting hurt...
and suffering.
Please stop it. Don't get upset.
It's a bit early for leaves to turn red.
I think I've seen this somewhere.
It was about this time of the year.
I knew how fall came because of you.
I thought I would have more time.
No.
Mr. Choi!
Prosecutor Jung...
Ambulance! Somebody help to call the ambulance.
Please call the ambulance.
- Yes, 911! - I saw a car accident...
Mr. Choi.
- Somebody ran him over... - What on earth!
Come after me.
Follow me now!
Prosecutor Jung.
I have something...
I have something to tell you.
Don't talk! The ambulance will be here in a minute.
It's okay. It's fine.
A very long time ago...
13 years ago...
I saw this moment in my dream.
In my dream,
You said...
something to me.
Mr. Choi. Mr. Choi.
If you have dreamt about this moment,
don't come and see me.
If you don't meet me, you won't die.
So...
Please don't come after me.
You didn't say it like that...
Again.
Say it again.
Hurry.
I don't have much time.
Mr. Choi.
Goodness.
If I see you again...
I'm the inspector, Choi Dam Dong.
Nice to meet you, I'm Jung Jae Chan.
I didn't recognize you like a fool.
To you...
I'm obnoxious and clumsy.
Can you tell the doctor to bring over all his medical records?
Yes, sir.
Goodness. I have to work late again.
You'll end up working overtime because my unsolved cases pile up.
Mr. Choi, let's go out check the scene for the Park Jun Mo case.
Check the scene?
Why would you...
be the only one to get hurt?
Prosecutor Jung! Don't get there alone! It's dangerous!
Prosecutor Jung! Prosecutor Jung!
Let's request for assistance!
Goodness. I'm wearing new shoes!
You ruin your new shoes because of me...
You suffer mentally and physically because of me.
But... Even so...
If you can still hold on to someone like me,
Come to me.
What will happen if I can't charge this case?
You will be in trouble.
The whole nation will hate you.
I will ask you a lot of questions and learn a lot from you.
I...
will respect you a lot.
This is it.
You said it like this.
And that's why the police...
came to you in urgency.
I came here knowing what will happen.
This is my choice.
Don't blame yourself.
Mr. Choi...
Sir...
Blame yourself shortly.
Remember it for a long time.
You remember that, right?
That's...
That's the son of my boss.
Sir...
Sir... Mr. Choi. Don't go...
Please don't go...
Please don't go, Mr. Choi.
Don't go.
[VIU Ver] E31 While You Were Sleeping "Goodbye, My Friend"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Even if life gives you trials,
do not be sad or angry.
Your heart lives in the future.
Your present is sad.
Everything is a short moment.
What passed...
and what's passing now...
will be cherished in the future.
What a nice poem.
You scared me!
Hi, I'm hungry.
Let's eat something.
Okay. I'll bring you something shortly.
You are not going to do something stupid, right?
I won't go anywhere.
I won't do anything stupid.
My end...
is not now.
In the future,
I have someone to meet.
(Deceased: Choi Dam Dong)
(We're not taking any condolence money as that was his will.)
(To Jung Jae Chan, 217-16, Banghak-dong, Eunpyeong-gu, Seoul)